
Malware Attribute Enumeration and Characterization (MAEC™)  
	This document provides a brief introduction to Version 5.0 of the Malware Attribute Enumeration and Characterization (MAEC™) Language, an overview of the MAEC data models, a 	discussion of top-level objects, and an example MAEC Package.



STIX
Structured Threat Information eXpression (STIX™) is a structured language for describing cyber threat information so it can be shared, stored, and analyzed in a consistent manner. STIX uses the CybOX Language to describe cyber observables. The CybOX schema is natively imported and used within STIX to characterize system and network events and behaviors observed within the operational cyber domain or observable patterns for use within cyber indicators.

TAXII
Trusted Automated eXchange of Indicator Information (TAXII™) is the main transport mechanism for cyber threat information represented in STIX. Through the use of TAXII services, organizations can share cyber threat information in a secure and automated manner. TAXII uses STIX to represent cyber threat information in a standardized and structured manner, and STIX uses CybOX to represent cyber observables.



MAEC	(document malware behavior)
Malware Attribute Enumeration and Characterization (MAEC™) is a standardized language for encoding and communicating high-fidelity information about malware based upon attributes such as behaviors, artifacts, and attack patterns. MAEC uses the CybOX Language to describe cyber observables. The CybOX schema is imported and used within MAEC to characterize malware-related system and network events and behaviors observed within the operational cyber domain.

CAPEC	(identify attack patterns)
Common Attack Pattern Enumeration and Classification (CAPEC™) is a publicly available, community-developed list of common attack patterns along with a comprehensive schema and classification taxonomy. The CybOX schema is imported and used within CAPEC to characterize system and network events and behaviors observed within the operational cyber domain.

----------------------------

Structured Threat Information Expression (STIX™) STIX is a frame-work, language and serialization format used to exchange cyber threat intelligenc
	STIX file is an XML file saved in the Structured Threat Information eXpression (STIX) format
STIX is a framework used to exchange Cyber Threat Intellegience 

A TAXII server is what sends or reveices stix packages

Cyber Observable eXpression (CybOX™) 
	is a stadarization language that allows you to store and exchange any observable malicious events in a Relational database something like SQL


ATT&Ck ( adversary tactics techniques and Common Knowledge)

 Computer Incident Response Center Luxembourg (CIRCL) i
